Update access request template w/ GTL instead of COR (#27735)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Environment-Access-Request-Template.md

5. When the issue is closed you will be notified and can continue with on-boarding setup

# Description

> - Please provide your Government Team Lead (GTL) name.
>    > Janet Doe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please provide your Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) name.
   > Janet Doe
- Please provide your Government Team Lead (GTL) name. This is the contractor responsible for your onboarding process.
   > Janet Doe
```

# Description
- Please provide your Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) name.
   > Janet Doe

> - Please provide your Government Team Lead (GTL) name. This is the contractor responsible for your onboarding process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please provide your Vendor Onboaring Representative name. This is the person from the contracting company responsible for your onboarding process.
```
